Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, before we start pitching products, we're going to first needs to sort out this new IV section.
So whenever we click on any of this products, it's also going to take us to the detail page of that
product.
Okay, not to do this, we're gonna need to go back to our visa code and then the design for each product.
Okay.
And now we can then use control and the Internet to move this wide.
Now, instead of using our provider data, we can then use the models, products, models, data.
Okay.
That is it over here.
Now, to do this, we are going to go back to the design for each product.
Okay.
Now we can then use control and be okay.
And then we can import.
It's over here.
We're going to create a variable.
It's going to be fine available.
And we can call this produce is going to be equal to the provider.
The lots of contest.
Okay.
Then they're going to call that product model.
Products.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing to do is to use it.
Okay.
Instead of this, you're going to get rid of this.
And there's going to be products.
That's Image Jarrell.
Okay.
Instead of this, we're going to need to get rid of this is going to be products that's.
Time to.
How do you to cover?
Okay.
Get rid.
Get rid of this.
There's going to be products.
That.
I think price.
Okay.
I think that we are our hearts are stages.
You start out.
We start.
All three start.
Okay.
It is going to take some time.
To restart.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Okay.
Is done.
I'll start out the this out before this.
Okay.
I have an error.
Right.
Okay, so you know what this is, right?
You've seen this before, right?
Okay.
Now we're going to go to the our products, right?
Controller and B and I are going to need to wrap this with.
Something known as change.
No.
It's a fire.
Not to fire provider that value.
Where we can then see value.
Okay.
The value is going to be the forgiveness.
And then in dance.
Right.
You know what this is.
Okay.
Now, how to start this now?
Hopefully you have you've forgotten this, right?
You can just go back to the lecture.
Most of the time, you definitely forget, but you have to repeat it constantly.
Right.
In order for you to, you must understand all processes.
Okay?
Now.
This is going to show the product now.
Okay, great.
Now, what you're going to do on this is when we click on this products, we want you to take us to
the detail page.
Right.
Okay.
So now we're going to go back to design for each product.
Now we already have the in the gesture detector.
If for any reason you don't have it, you can just tap on this and wrap it with a gesture detector.
Okay.
Now I'm going to say navigator.
The crux of contests.
Dots.
Remember when it is better to be in them roots, right?
So there is going to be push name.
Okay.
I'm going to be using the fields.
I think.
The fields.
Okay.
What we can just do is, first of all, we can go to.
Did you tell Page?
Right.
The editor page.
Okay.
Sorry.
But.
Okay.
Go back to this.
There's going to be a detail.
Page.
That's it.
Okay, that's it.
I'd be sorry.
I'd.
Right.
So we're going to see arguments and parts and the products.
That's IDI.
Okay.
Now where we we are busy over here.
We are basically passing that products right by these products.
What is productive is just a variable that have access to all our products.
Model that is all this data, right.
And then we are saying when the user clicks on this, it will pass it to the page.
Now what the detail page we already have.
It's when we did it for the fields screen.
Right.
We have already done that before.
Over here we are saying product ID.
Is equal to model roots.
That, of course, is the cities that we have in assess that arguments we just passed right then as
well.
We are covaxin.
It is drink.
Right.
So we have already accepted that data.
Okay.
Now seems good, right?
Knife for any reason.
You don't understand.
You can let me know, right?
You can, then.
I mean, I'm going to try my best that to make sure you understand bits of everything we are doing.
But mind you.
You might definitely forget all this, but most of the time you would want to go back to it over and
over again in order for you to understand all the codes and as well my study codes.
So you're going to be able to do it on your own.
Okay.
Okay, guys, sitting in that chair.